Dear colleague,  

I have agreed to handle the evaluation of a preprint entitled "%(art_title)s", for potential recommendation by %(description)s (%(longname)s). This article can be visualized and downloaded at the following address (doi %(art_doi)s).

At first glance, this preprint appears to me to be potentially interesting, but I would like to have your expert opinion. I would therefore like to invite you to review this preprint for %(longname)s possibly within three weeks.  Extensions may be provided when needed.

You may not yet know about %(longname)s. Briefly, it is a community of researchers in %(thematics)s dedicated to reviewing and (if they are high quality) recommending articles publicly available in preprint servers (such as bioRxiv). This project was driven by a desire to establish a free, transparent and public scientific publication system based on the review and recommendation of remarkable preprints. More information can be found on the website of %(longname)s (%(site_url)s) and in this short video (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jMhVl__gupg).

The evaluation process should guide the decision as to whether to ‘Revise’, ‘Recommend’ or ‘Reject’ the preprint. A preprint recommended by %(longname)s is a complete article that may be used and cited like any ‘classic’ article published in a peer-reviewed journals.

If I eventually reach a favorable conclusion, all the editorial correspondence (reviews, recommender’s decisions, authors’ replies) and a recommendation text will be published by %(longname)s, under the license CC-BY-ND. If after one or several rounds of review, I eventually reject the preprint, the editorial correspondence (and specifically your review) will NOT be published. You will be notified by e-mail at each stage in the procedure.
%(parallelText)s
Note that to avoid any conflict of interests you should not accept to evaluate this preprint if the authors are close colleagues (people belonging to the same laboratory/unit/department in the last four years, people with whom they have published in the last four years, with whom they have received joint funding in the last four years, or with whom they are currently writing a manuscript, or submitting a grant proposal), or family members, friends, or anyone for whom bias might affect the nature of your evaluation.

Please let me know as soon as possible whether you are willing to accept my invitation to review this article, or whether you would prefer to decline, by validating your account on the website of %(longname)s (link below). Once you have entered a new password and logged onto the website, then go to 'Requests for input —> Do you agree to review a preprint?' in the top menu.

Thanks in advance for your help.

Best wishes,

%(sender)s